Help! Help! Help!
Help!
Ah!
Is grandma alright?
Thank you girl
You are welcome
But be careful next time you go out.
Better find someone to accompany you
OK
girl
You saved me I don't know your name yet
How will I repay you in the future?
It doesn't take a lot of effort to repay
My name is Mingwei
Hey, you can always leave a contact information, right?
grandma
I have to go through the discharge formalities, so I'll go first
Oh good
Bye. Bye.
grandma
How are you doing recently?
You bastard
Remember to call me
I was about to die.
Fortunately, a good girl saved me
It's okay, grandma
Then why do you have to thank them well?
I already thanked you.
You finally gave me a call
Tell me what's the matter
I'm getting married.
I'm going to bring him to meet you this weekend
Hahahaha
Finally figured out how to get married
Let's make an appointment to meet at home.